C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.exe
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.deps.json
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.pdb
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\SkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSkiaSharp.so
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Projeto.dll
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.pdb
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\bernardo.figueiredo\Atv3_Individual\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Projeto.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.exe
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.deps.json
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.pdb
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Projeto.dll
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.pdb
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\Projeto.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\mateus.freitas\Downloads\Atv3Cog\Atividade 3\Exercicio 1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Projeto.dll
